Forget it, you are hitting me today,
I don’t want to talk about other people hitting me or my husband with these things anymore,
I collected them first and beat them up, catching all the girls without introducing them.
It's so cute, I go out every time I see it.
My husband, are you okay?
What is this called the right way?
What the hell is going on with you guys, are you so annoying?
Aren't you here at home?
Sister Insect, I told you,
I don’t know how much this small one is.
The one who comes down first in the scene may not be the same as you in the scene,
Would you like to avoid it?
What the hell is going on?
Aren't you going to explain it to me?
How many times have you changed this, otherwise let's go,
Don't worry, since I'm here, I won't let you eat anything?
You don't believe this
Except I call someone to earn it.
Don't come here for words
I don’t know everything except who to save me.